# Basic Concepts of a cryptolocker - USING A WINDOWS MACHINE

Author: Quentin Mayo 

This is a simple cryptolocker example program built in Python . Files included
  - config.js - basic setup for the call home server
  - server.py - The call home server
  - HW1.py - The program that will encrypt all the documents
  
### Version
0.0.1

### How to run

1. Edit the config file if you a running the call home server on a different machine
2. Run the server.py first
3. Run the HW1.py program 

* Optional - I have some code that will make the program run on start up of the system commented out. Remove the comment if you are interested in making the program run "MORE" realistic

### Important Note
A real cryptolocker wouldn't be in Python. This program requires you have Python and several libraries on the system . If you want to be fancy, py2exe can create an EXE from a Python file so the victim computer can run it regardless as long as the machine is a windows machine. I added code to stop all files on the system from being encrypted and just encrypting documents on the desktop.

### KNOWN BUGS
Since this isn't a real malware program, the RSA key generated by the server is at RUNTIME. Restart the server means losing your keys.  

### DISCLAIMER 
This program is ACTUALLY encrypting files on the system. If you lose the keys, you lose your files. PERIOD. Be careful

### Plugins

You will need a few libraries to run the program. They are listed below 
Use pip or easy_install to download and install them. DON'T use pip for
Crypto, use easy_install for that library

* Crypto
* urllib
* requests
* _winreg
* ast
* cherrypy
* Tkinter


